Added the review for the Che 7 End-user guide once again. (#783)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_including-a-kubernetes-application-in-a-workspace-devfile-definition.adoc

       args: ['infinity']
----

> Note that the `sleep infinity` command is added as the entrypoint of the NodeJS application. This prevents the application from starting at the workspace start phase. It allows the user to start it when needed for testing or debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `sleep infinity` command is added as the entrypoint of the Node.js application. This prevents the application from starting at the workspace start phase. It allows the user to start it when needed for testing or debugging purposes.
```
